fixAlways408InCosmosDiagnostics (#34999)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed an issue where `408/20008` always be populated in CosmosDiagnostics when the `RNTBD` request failed - See [PR 34999](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/34999)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where status code & sub-status code `408/20008` will always be populated in the  CosmosDiagnostics in case of `RNTBD` request failures - See [PR 34999](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/34999)
```

Author: updated
